Clarify where the fixture name comes from (#111)
pytest-dev/pytest-factoryboy: README.rst

    class AuthorFactory(factory.Factory):
        class Meta:

>             model = Author  # this will become the factory fixture name, lowercase-underscore + '_factory'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            model = Author  # this will become the factory fixture name - lower, snake case + '_factory' e.g. `author_factory`
```

    @register
    class AuthorFactory(factory.Factory):
        class Meta:

>             model = Author  # this will become the model fixture name, lowercase-underscore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            model = Author  # this will become the model fixture name - lower, snake case e.g. `author`
```
